support http header tag (#5348)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/service-agent/java-agent/README.md

`plugin.tomcat.collect_http_params`| This config item controls that whether the Tomcat plugin should collect the parameters of the request. Also, activate implicitly in the profiled trace. | `false` |
`plugin.springmvc.collect_http_params`| This config item controls that whether the SpringMVC plugin should collect the parameters of the request, when your Spring application is based on Tomcat, consider only setting either `plugin.tomcat.collect_http_params` or `plugin.springmvc.collect_http_params`. Also, activate implicitly in the profiled trace. | `false` |
`plugin.http.http_params_length_threshold`| When `COLLECT_HTTP_PARAMS` is enabled, how many characters to keep and send to the OAP backend, use negative values to keep and send the complete parameters, NB. this config item is added for the sake of performance.  | `1024` |

> `plugin.http.http_headers_length_threshold`| When `include_http_headers` declares header names, this threshold controls the length limitation of all header values. Note. this config item is added for the sake of performance. | `2048` |

Reviewer: This description is not same as the comments. Please recheck.

Author: done

`plugin.tomcat.collect_http_params`| This config item controls that whether the Tomcat plugin should collect the parameters of the request. Also, activate implicitly in the profiled trace. | `false` |
`plugin.springmvc.collect_http_params`| This config item controls that whether the SpringMVC plugin should collect the parameters of the request, when your Spring application is based on Tomcat, consider only setting either `plugin.tomcat.collect_http_params` or `plugin.springmvc.collect_http_params`. Also, activate implicitly in the profiled trace. | `false` |
`plugin.http.http_params_length_threshold`| When `COLLECT_HTTP_PARAMS` is enabled, how many characters to keep and send to the OAP backend, use negative values to keep and send the complete parameters, NB. this config item is added for the sake of performance.  | `1024` |

> `plugin.springmvc.collect_http_headers`| This config item controls that whether the SpringMVC plugin should collect the headers of the request, activate implicitly in the profiled trace. | `false` |

Reviewer: This is not necessary. header collecting should work once the `include_http_headers` not empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: that's ok for me

> `plugin.http.http_headers_length_threshold`| When `COLLECT_HTTP_PARAMS` is enabled, how many characters to keep and send to the OAP backend, use negative values to keep and send the complete headers, NB. this config item is added for the sake of performance.  | `1024` |

Reviewer: `COLLECT_HTTP_PARAMS` <- copy/paste issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plugin.http.http_headers_length_threshold`| When `include_http_headers` declares header names, this threshold controls the length limitation of all header values. Note. this config item is added for the sake of performance.  | `1024` |
```

> `plugin.http.include_http_headers`| When `COLLECT_HTTP_PARAMS` is enabled, control what header data should collect, this is for security purpose, values must be lowed case,multi values split by ,  | `` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plugin.http.include_http_headers`| Set the header names, which should be collected by the plugin. Header name must follow `javax.servlet.http` definition. Multiple names should be split by comma.  | ``(No header would be collected) |
```

Author: done
